Jiang Shao you
Even if it is a loss, I will let you maximize it.
Do you want to continue?
Okay, 3 billion
Senior 5 billion
6 billion congratulations Ye Shaohua
I admire it, hahahaha.
Ye Yan, Ye Yan
You are really climbing up in an instant
I really thought I won Jiang Shao
He just deliberately raised the price.
Any fool can see that
You can do that too.
What a waste
He really is trash
Why bother?
Ye Yan can obviously take this money to grab the rest of his life
It's embarrassing to come here
fooled
I'm not the only one.
Leaf rock
Stop farting here
No. 3 is a classic project of the Liu family
It is Jiang Shao's gift to us
I will not allow you to slander the head of the Liu family
Defile Jiang Shao's kindness to my Wang family
What!
No. 3 Xiao Wang
It was a loss.
How is that possible?
Six stars, that's Zuzu's six stars
I forgot.
I completely forgot.